In a distant fantasy land, an evil sorcerer named Korgon resided. He constructed a magical catalyst of immense power, amplifying his abilities. With this, he resurrected an army of the dead, creating the undead race, and thus became the first-ever necromancer. This act birthed a new branch of magic, known broadly as dark magic. Using his army of the dead, he waged war across the land, intending to spread his power far and wide, turning everyone into undead beings under his control.

Faced with this threat, beings across the land united in resistance. They bombarded his stronghold with thousands of magical cannons, destroying the catalyst in the process. Although Korgon escaped and went into hiding, this act freed the undead from his control, but they remained unkillable.

All undead were once human, and many, if not all, were amiable. Many families and friends sought their past members in hopes of a long-awaited reunion. However, their existence posed a threat because Korgon could return at any moment and control them again. The common consensus was to lock them away, and anyone who sheltered them was prosecuted by law. A widespread hunt commenced, aiming to capture every undead and lock them in a shared grave deep underground where they belonged.

After the war, a great captain who sympathized with the undead refused to participate in the hunt. It broke his heart to think that his deceased wife would be subjected to this kind of treatment. During the hunt, he had provided shelter for many undead. That’s when he heard of an undead safe haven in the hinterland near Mount Tonta. He asked the king to relieve him of his duty and to grant him the land that was promised to him. He would then serve the king by delivering him the finest crops worthy of a king. The king was unwilling to accept his request but when he heard that the land he had in mind was near Mount Tonta, the king happily agreed on the sole condition that the captain would fund this whole endeavor. Nobody wanted anything to do with the hinterland. Historically, the area was in perpetual winter. Admittedly, the current age saw the fading of the frost and a revival of wildlife in the area but many royal prospectors said it was still impossible for any meaningful agriculture. When asked what kind of plant he was going to grow, he answered wasabi which nobody knew.

The plant wasabi was introduced by a very close friend of his, a healing shaman under his service during the war. Together with his daughter, they traveled to the hinterland to start a farm. During their journey, they sheltered many undead, disguised them as convicts who condemned to work a lifetime on his farm.

The history of Mount Tonta was obfuscated through many generations and finally lost to time. In a time unmemorable, the land was occupied by the house of Bingen who specialized in frost magic. Floris II asked these people to join his Kingdom. They aptly refused. The king would not accept it and started a war with them. The war dragged on, year after year. The Bingen built a city underground to shelter themselves from the destruction of Floris II’s rain of fireballs. Later, Grimar Iceheart, the grand wizard of house Bingen, would betray them. Selling the secret of frost magic and city entrances to Floris II. With this newfound knowledge, the king attempted to seal the entrances with eternal ice, entombing house Bingen within. Floris II was a fire wielder making the magical ice inherit his fire property. The ice would spread like wildfire, engulfing the entire region, making the land forever uninhabitable. Thousands of years passed, the magical ice wavered, revealing some entrances to the cavern. A few ancient undead remembered the entrances to the underground city and considered it as a safe haven for their race.

After their arrival at Mount Tonta, they settled the undead into their new home. The shaman used his healing power to invigorate the land and water, while the undead disguised themselves as farmhands to help with the labor. Soon enough, they reaped their first bountiful harvest.

His daughter helped her father with the business side of things. In her free time, she received martial arts training from her father and magical tutoring from the shaman. She drew direct inspiration from the undead, unknowingly creating her own brand of dark magic albeit far weaker.

After each harvest, the shaman would drive the wagon to the capital, selling their crops and the goods made by the undead on the way. Each time, he would take a different route, introducing more people to this strange delicacy. The king was impressed with the wasabi. It had such an exquisite taste and healing property, it was unlike anything he ever had. They were rewarded handsomely each time. During his trip, he also looked around for any clue of the necromancer. They agreed that Korgon must die for the sake of the undead. Only then would they have a chance of being freed.

While the shaman was looking for the necromancer, the necromancer came for him, slaying him and turning him into his puppet.

The shaman later returned to their farm with the necromancer. He convinced the captain to trust the man as he knew the location of Korgon. That night, Korgon sneaked out to find his undead, leaving the shaman to deal with the captain and his daughter. He killed the captain first and then the girl. The girl discovered him during the act, tried to stop him but was proven too weak and soon joined her father.

Meanwhile, Korgon had gone inside the cavern, cast a spell, and resumed his control of the undead and by sheer luck, the control of the forgotten Bingen Army. Using his newly built catalyst, he cast an impenetrable shield around the region, sealing it from the world. Learning from the underground city, he then raised a grand manor from the ground, inside the mountain. He started the first step of his plan here. He deeply ruptured the land and imbued it with his power, making anything that died an undead and every undead his ally. He then used the last of his power to seal the catalyst within himself, strengthening him for a while longer. With his last strength, he split into five beings, all sharing one mind. Each carried a shard within themselves. With all the power of the catalyst being spent, they then entered hibernation for restoration. This time, he thought, surely no one can stop him.

The rupture dropped their home directly into the cavern of the undead. The girl woke up. Now she was an undead, but still remained in control of herself. The girl didn’t know it yet, but her dark magic had excluded her from the influence of Korgon. Now she was all alone, with no way but forward. She had to go to the mountain and slay Korgon.