* The necromancer using a catalyst of great magical power resurrect an army of the death to take control of the nation. He eventually get defeated and gone into hiding, the catalyst are destroy. But he have the blueprint to remake it, he just need more time and resources. The death doesn't disappear, they can not be die by old age, they can only be crushed. But can be resurrect again using dark magic.
* Main character is a girl live with her father in a remote land. They have a farm and they work with the death to grow potato. They have a good life. And his father trying to convince others people is the death are safe and actually are very nice people. A lot of people believe him and come to work at the farm. 
* One of farm hand who come to work is the necromancer. He use his power to control the death again and kill everyone in the commune. Including her father. Using the catalyst he raised a protective shield surrounding the area no one get in or out. He want to buy time for the catalyst to reach deeper underground, so does his magic would go deeper and deeper slowly influencing the whole nation. And his can cast his dark magic everywhere. Using the catalyst he create a grand castle inside the mountain. This time his catalyst is no longer an inanimate objects, using his necromancer power he split the catalyst into 5 powerful beings. 
* The army arrived stuck outside of the region, figuring a way to breach it. It the catalyst he has improved it. It him and the catalyst are needed to be destroy. 
* The girl are trained in combat by her father who is a veteran in a war against the necromancer and his army of the death. She also learn the dark magic teach to her by friendly death. Through her talented she survive the massacre. Now she seek the necromancer to destroy him. 

